fix(utils): Check for the presence of the rule's operator (#2541)
coreruleset/coreruleset: CONTRIBUTING.md

skip
skipAfter
```

> - Rule without explicit operator isn't allowed (this will be interpreted as `@rx`). You should write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rule without explicit operator isn't allowed (ModSecurity defaults to `@rx`). You should write:
```

> - Rule without explicit operator isn't allowed (this will be interpreted as `@rx`). You should write:

Reviewer 2: Make it stronger: turn the guidance into a "MUST":

```suggestion
- Rule operators must always be explicitly specified. Although ModSecurity defaults to using the `@rx` operator, for clarity `@rx` should always be explicitly specified when used. For example, write:
```

```

> SecRule ARGS "@rx foo" "id:1,phase:1,t:none,pass"

Reviewer 2: Rule action order

```suggestion
SecRule ARGS "@rx foo" "id:1,phase:1,pass,t:none"
```

```
instead of
```

> SecRule ARGS "foo" "id:1,phase:1,t:none,pass"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SecRule ARGS "foo" "id:1,phase:1,pass,t:none"
```
